
# SPRINT PLANNING AND USER STORIES
## Sprint Planning Meeting - 09/09/2020
## Minutes of Meeting(MOM)
- Today we have conducted a zoom meeting and discussed on how we will be moving forward ahead following a common idea.During call we have discussed the following questions and Action plans.

![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp_health_app/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/Meet_Sprint_Planning.PNG?raw=true)

- Today we conducted zoom meeting with all the team leads and coordinated with Data Designed group collected their jira IDs.

![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp_health_app/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/jira%20ids.png?raw=true)

![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp_health_app/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/jira2.png?raw=true)


1. How do we(sprint planning group) know on what basis/idea we should start creating stories?
  - <ins>Action</ins> : We discussed in the call and finally everyone agreed that all groups will add their own ideas and feedbacks received from client into the readme file of       common repository.Based on that we will finalize a common idea in the next meeting and proceed creating stories as backlogs.
  
2. We will be adding all 22 members into the jira under same team?
  - <ins>Action</ins> : Everyone agreed that the unit leader from each team would be sending all their team member jira Ids.We also made sure that everyone should create jira         account using their northwest user id's.
3. what are the Functional requirements of the project?
  - <ins>Action</ins>: Based on the request for proposal we need to include all the requirements in ER Diagram. Explained the role of Administrators and users in the App.
4. Can you brief me on the flow of the project?
- <ins>Action</ins>: We from the sprint planning group have explained to everyone that the sprint starts from Module 3 and currently we are    working on creating product   backlog.

  5. How we are going to keep a track of our code changes or versions ?
- <ins>Action</ins> : Discussed on creating a single Repo for all team members(i.e 22) and all changes will be controlled under this Repo. Such that we will keep a track of every change happeing in the project

6. Who is responsible in co ordinating the tasks?
- <ins>Action</ins>: We created a team with sprint planners and discussed to assign a central task to each and every unit leaders and with the inputs given by them we further assign sub tasks to the rest of that team. 

## Sprint Planning Meeting - 09/11/2020
## Minutes of Meeting(MOM)

- Today we have conduct a zoom meeting with the all the team members of the sprint planning. We are six members in the sprint planning team we distributed the our work equally.Two members in the sprint planning team is selected like Design UI/Theme team as work.Each individual is working on their respective tasks.

![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp_health_app/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/gdp%20module2%20zoom.png?raw=true)

## Meeting with Design architecture team 
- We had a meeting with design architure team and discussed the following topics with them.
1. Deciding which methodology to be used during software development life cycle.
2. Testing backend languages suitable to develop the application
3. Who will create an initial project with A&A (Authentication and Authorization) to test drive this stack?
4. What are the devops tools we are going to use?
5. What databases we are going to test?

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/annie0sc/gdp_health_app/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/DesingArchMeetings/Screenshot%20(22).png)

## Meeting with UI Team (09/14/2020)
- Today we had a meeting with UI team discussing on priority task that is creating a UI prototype or mock for presenting to client on 09/16/2020.We discussed about the task distribution between them based on the complexity of task.
![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp_health_app/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/UI_Meeting_09142020.PNG?raw=true)
## Minutes of Meeting
1. How complex is the UI prototype?
- Ans : We discussed on the complexity of prototype creation and according to that we thought of creating the tasks and distributing among them.
2. What other teams are thinking on App name?
- Ans : We discussed and thought that every team contibution/suggestion is required for App name so we created task for each group for propsing a suitable app name so that we can finalize a apt one.
3. Few people asked about the other teams client Feedback ?
- Ans: So we assigned a task to the team members update the readme with client Pros and Cons mentioned in the feedback.
4. One of the member in the UI team asked about Specific name for the App?
- Ans: I explained UI team members app name should be unique and The application name must not be in the play store or App store.
## E-Mailed to the professor regarding the healthify App Name
- The healthify name already exists in the Android App store as well as the IOS App Store so i mailed to the professor.So After communicate with the client, Professor is going to do any changes about the app name.

![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp_health_app/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/Screenshot%20(37).png?raw=true)

## Meeting with Design architecture team(09/14/2020)
- We had a meeting with design architure team and discussed the following topics with them.
1. We as a sprint planning team talked about collecting the clients feedback given in module 1 ?
2. Suggestion on App name ?
3. Database connection to framework ?
4. Testing tools to be used in project ?
5. Tools compatibility with database ?

![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp_health_app/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/DesingArchMeetings/DesignArch0914.png)

## Meeting with All Unit Leaders(09/15/2020)

## Minutes of Meeting(MOM):

### Few suggestions are given to the Design architecture team:

1. The entire Flow of App and description, Functionality need to be clearly mentioned

2. Discuss with the data team and finalize the entities and relationships.

### Few suggestions are given to the Design Data team:

1. Make sure you have enough to represent all functionality.
2. Make sure all the dependencies are mention correctly (primary and foreign key matchups). 

### Few suggestions are given to the UI team:

1.Make sure mockup is in sync with RFP document.

2.All your fields in UI should be known to the Data team and design accordingly.


![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp_health_app/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/15thzoomwithunitleader.png?raw=true)

## Meeting with UI team (09/18/20)
![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp_health_app/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/UiTeamMeetin_09182020.jpeg?raw=true)

### Minutes of Meeting (MOM)
1.Mockup for mobile and web version should be exactly similar except the dimensions change so elements will adjust acordingly.
2.fixing a deadline for the mockup completion as this has to be approved by the client before sprint 1 starts.

## Meeting with UI team (09/21/20)
![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp-happy-health/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/blockersmeeting.png?raw=true)

### Minutes of Meeting(MOM)
1. Professor suggested few changes in the mockups so we conducted meeting and explained the scenario to the UI team. Mockups need to complete by monday so the we can go for the     client approval.We can start the sprint one by the wednesday.
2. We have conducted several meeting with UI Team because we need a client approval for mockups.

## Meeting with UI team (09/22/20)
![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp-happy-health/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/Screenshot%20(47).png?raw=true)

### Minutes of Meeting(MOM)
1. Meeting is conduct with the UI team regrading the admin home page and  for both mobile and web versions.
2. Clearly explained what client is looking for so that the UI team working on the Admin Home page.We asked them to fix a time frame to submit the final touchings of the mockups    because we need a client approval for the Mockups so that we can start the sprint one as soon as possible.

## E-mailed to the all the team members
We as sprinting planning team discussed about the sprint zero tasks status few of them not completed their tasks so we as team mailed to the Design Data,Design Architecture and
Design UI/Theme team members

![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp-happy-health/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/sprintzero%20(2).png?raw=true)

## Meeting With All The Team Leaders
![](https://github.com/annie0sc/gdp-happy-health/blob/master/Sprint%20Planning%20and%20UserStories/client%20development%20presentattion.png?raw=true)
### Minutes of Meeting(MOM)
We as a sprint planning team conducted zoom meeting with the all the team leaders regarding the project status before going for client presention.

The following questions are raised in the meeting.
1. Can we able complete basic app navigation work for client presentation?
- Ans: The design architecture team is facing some issues with the heroku so they come up with google cloud application platform instead of heroku platform.So they are not able to complete their work with in the time.
2. We Also asked UI Team current status of their work and the Mockups status for the next sprint?
- Ans: They are working on the development of app pages such as login page, signup page, admin page and they are working on the mockups for user and admin dashboards. 





